Docs (#65603)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/01-building-your-application/11-upgrading/02-version-15.mdx

---
title: Version 15
description: Upgrade your Next.js Application from Version 14 to 15.
---

{/* The content of this doc is shared between the app and pages router. You can use the `<PagesOnly>Content</PagesOnly>` component to add content that is specific to the Pages Router. Any shared content should not be wrapped in a component. */}

## Upgrading from 14 to 15

To update to Next.js version 15, run the following command using your preferred package manager:

```bash filename="Terminal"

> npm i next@latest react@latest react-dom@latest eslint-config-next@latest

Reviewer: should these install steps be referencing the RCs rather than latest?

```

```bash filename="Terminal"
yarn add next@latest react@latest react-dom@latest eslint-config-next@latest
```

```bash filename="Terminal"
pnpm up next react react-dom eslint-config-next --latest
```

```bash filename="Terminal"
bun add next@latest react@latest react-dom@latest eslint-config-next@latest
```

> **Good to know:** If you are using TypeScript, ensure you also upgrade `@types/react` and `@types/react-dom` to their latest versions.

## Minimum React version

> - The minimum `react` and `react-dom` version has been bumped to 19.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The minimum `react` and `react-dom` is now 19.
```

## `fetch` requests

[`fetch` requests](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/fetch) are no longer cached by default.

To opt all `fetch` requests in a route into caching, you can use the `export const fetchCache = 'default-cache'` [segment config option](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config).

```js filename="app/layout.js"
// Since this is the root layout, all fetch requests in the app will be cached.
export const fetchCache = 'default-cache'

export default function RootLayout() {

>   return <></>

Reviewer: should probably be a valid root layout w/ HTML, or just omit the JSX entirely

}
```

To opt specific `fetch` requests into caching, you can pass the `cache: 'force-cache'` option.

```js filename="app/page.js"
fetch('https://...', { cache: 'force-cache' })
```

## Route Handlers

`GET` functions in [Route Handlers](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route) are no longer cached by default. To opt `GET` methods into caching, you can use a [route config option](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/route-segment-config) such as `export dynamic = 'force-static'` in your Route Handler file.

```js filename="app/api/route.js
export dynamic = 'force-static'

export async function GET() {}
```

## Client-side Router Cache

> When navigating between pages via `<Link>` or `useRouter`, [page](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/page) segments are no longer reused from the client-side router cache. However, they are still reused during browser backward and forward navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When navigating between pages via `<Link>` or `useRouter`, [page](/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/page) segments are no longer reused from the client-side router cache. However, they are still reused during browser backward and forward navigation and for shared layouts.
```

// After
import { Inter } from 'next/font/google'
```

## bundlePagesRouterDependencies

`experimental.bundlePagesExternals` is now stable and renamed to `bundlePagesRouterDependencies`.

```js filename="next.config.js"
/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  // Before

>   bundlePagesExternals: true,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  experimental: {
    bundlePagesExternals: true,
  }, 
```

  // After
  bundlePagesRouterDependencies: true,
}

module.exports = nextConfig
```

## serverExternalPackages

`experimental.serverComponentsExternalPackages` is now stable and renamed to `serverExternalPackages`.

```js filename="next.config.js"
/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {
  // Before

>   serverComponentsExternalPackages: ['package-name'],

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  experimental: {
    serverComponentsExternalPackages: ['package-name'],
  },
```
